Book - Python Crash course
Hello World Typos:
    1) indentation issue
    2) invalid syntax
    3) it will catch the first error that is there in the line as its interpreter.

infinite Skills: If you had infinite programming skills, what would you build?
    1) chatbot
    2) email un-subscriber
    3) web application/website


string -
    concat
    strip
    rstrip
    lstrip
    len

number -
    int
       operation like + - * /
       2+2 = 4
       2**3 = 8
       (2+2)*3 will perform 4* 3 = 12 as operator precedence

    float

we can not use number is string in the print message directly. so need to tell the interpreter to treat the number as
string by wrapping it in the bracket.


Zen of python -
    Beautiful is better than ugly.
    Explicit is better than implicit.
    Simple is better than complex.
    Complex is better than complicated.
    Flat is better than nested.
    Sparse is better than dense.
    Readability counts.
    Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.
    Although practicality beats purity.
    Errors should never pass silently.
    Unless explicitly silenced.
    In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.
    There should be one-- and preferably only one --obvious way to do it.
    Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you're Dutch.
    Now is better than never.
    Although never is often better than *right* now.
    If the implementation is hard to explain, it's a bad idea.
    If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea.
    Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let's do more of those!

List -
    A list is a collection of items in a particular order
    In Python, square brackets ([]) indicate a list, and individual elements
    in the list are separated by commas.

    bicycles = ['trek', 'cannondale', 'redline', 'specialized']
    print(bicycles)

    Lists are ordered collections, so you can access any element in a list by
    telling Python the position, or index, of the item desired.

    Python considers the first item in a list to be at position 0, not position 1
    Python has a special syntax for accessing the last element in a list. By asking for the item at index -1,
    Python always returns the last item in the list.

    to changes the item in the list you can use the index
    for example : bicycles[0]="Honda" will replace valye of trek to Honda.

    to add the item in the list you can use append
    to insert element at specific position use insert() method.

    to get the value of removed item in the list you can use pop() method.
    when you want to delete an item from a list and not use that item in any way, use the del statement;
    if you want to use an item as you remove it, use the pop() method.
    If you only know the value of the item you want to remove, you  can use the remove() method.

    The remove() method deletes only the first occurrence of the value you specify. If there’s
    a possibility the value appears more than once in the list, you’ll need to use a loop to
    determine if all occurrences of the value have been removed

    sort the list use sort and reverse sort then user sort(reverse=True)
    Sorting a list alphabetically is a bit more complicated when all the values are not in lowercase.
    for example if list is a,A,b,B then ideally i would expect it to be in A,a,B,b order but it wont
    and it will print A,B,a,b so be careful when sorting the list.

    reverse() to print list in reverse order.The reverse() method changes the order of a list permanently, but you
    can revert to the original order anytime by applying reverse() to the same list a second time.

    len () - You can quickly find the length of a list by using the len() function.
    Python counts the items in a list starting with one, so you shouldn’t run into any offby-one errors
    when determining the length of a list.

